Hey.
Why am I in the middle?
why are you so stupid
If I die
Do you remember me?
Don't leave it behind.
It will be okay.
The Bang leader is worried now.
We quickly took him to the sparrow door to ask for medicine.
Xia Nga Mi cut the door open for Zhou Min to ask for medicine.
Hope to sacrifice a sword
The rotten leader has been gone for half an hour, no one has come out.
We go find it ourselves.
Are not.
Crashing into someone else's mountain gate
But it is taboo to others.
Saving lives is important.
Don't worry, be careful.
They just left not long ago.
How do you know?
There were no traces at the scene.
There is no dust on the table.
Unfinished lumbar cushion
This oil lamp
As if disappeared overnight.
There are no ghosts.